# miniMonsterX
application for connecting to minicontroller Minimoster (https://mini-monster.ru/) extends functional play Market ofitial app (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tomclaw.minimonster)

What is implemented
--------------

- The application renders a web page generated by the mini-monster controller (https://mini-monster.ru/mini-monster.html) .
- The application renders switches in a list for inputs and outputs from the mini-monster controller unlike the official app which can only render outputs. This is particullary useful, since the opening and closing of a device can be one switch, and in order to open or to close you need to know whether it's open or closed, otherwise you will be opening a door when you wanted to close it actually.
- The application can monitor a input with certain frequence, so that an user can see on realtime if the inputs are changing.
- The application can send impulses.

What's upcomming
---------------
- Push messages can be implemented, so that the user can understand that a sensor has changed it's state without a command, ideal for tracking events like "door open" or temperature has fallen below min.
- Some logic could be programmed in the client side, for example -  Open left door and when it gets to it sensors "left door open" then open right door .

Getting Started
---------------
1. Connect your Mini-monster controller and set-up its address (default https://192.168.0.12/password )and input and outputs. 
1. Download the code.
2. Open the code in Android Studio.
3. Run the app.
4. Set the address of the controller (same as in 1.)
5. Connect 


License
-------

Copyright 2016 Google, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
